hello everyone for cooking buns
books about tasty and healthy food
need warm milk flour
my friends can be dry or
pressed salt sugar and vanilla
sugar I have together melted butter
cream and eggs warm milk
dissolve we press a few minutes to swell
I stood for five minutes now sending
half he needs kellys gradually
knead the brew
kneaded and started from the first speed
for up to 2 a couple of minutes it turns out
it seems possible and manually and sinet.com may
but that was not lumps
and cover me with a towel
put away in a warm place dough has risen
the opara stood 45 minutes rose like
I put salt vanilla sugar
butter
egg
it's all mixed up
I clean the walls
and now I will sprinkle with poppy seeds
but he should always be sprinkled gradually
do not overdo it
me but on fuel
Knead at second speed
knead the dough should stick
I left probably 50 grams of flour covering
again with film and sent on the spot
the dough radiator went up then personally what
falling asleep flour
now make buns about 56 somewhere
So
I make round buns, I prize the dishes already
I prefer it so you can roll them on
stage to do
I give elimination
still swell
so I have flour left for 500 bravo
gram and probably use 450 but in
the recipe, I will point out that 500 to whatever
flour density
ready buns already grease
cream ghee
need to let them stand again so that
rose and stood 10 minutes blurry
downed face and carefully grease
it was also possible when mixing the secondary
power raisins
then you either buns with raisins
send already preheated oven
did not try 18 minutes
cover with a towel after the cops stand
the buns are cold show the markup
soft
tasty like white sweet bread
I liked the recipe buns are ready
enjoy your meal